Came so fast
Mr. Gu
Duan Tong
And so forth.
Look, I'm in a hurry for you.
You really protect him
Mom, you went too far this time
What about you hooking up with him behind my back?
They're all tangled up in the office.
You still hurt for him
You are still pretending
Mom knows about the affair
These years
You don't have a woman who can't resist temptation, that's normal
But he can't seduce
You let him leave the company tomorrow
I have my own way with the company
You are measured
You fight me in front of him
That's your measure.
Do you still think of me as your mother?
Then you do it to him
i
Then am I not angry?
You have to apologize to him when he wakes up.
Don't even dream about it.